doc(2.1.x) update brain-immunity topics (#2236)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.1.x/brain-immunity/install-configure.md

title: Kong Brain & Kong Immunity Installation and Configuration
---

> **Kong Brain** and **Kong Immunity** are installed on Kong Enterprise, either on Kubernetes or Docker, as defined below. The Collector App and Collector Plugin enable Brain and Immunity to communicate with Kong Enterprise. The diagram above illustrate how the components work together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Kong Brain** and **Kong Immunity** are installed on {{site.ee_product_name}}, either on Kubernetes or Docker, as defined below. The Collector App and Collector Plugin enable Brain and Immunity to communicate with {{site.ee_product_name}}. The diagram above illustrates how the components work together.
```
